about/index.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: About the Theme
tags: [about, Jekyll, theme, moon]
date: 2016-03-21
comments: false
---
    
<center><a href="http://taylantatli.github.io/Moon"><b>Moon</b></a> is a minimal, one column jekyll theme.</center>

## Features
* Minimal, you can focus on your content
* Responsive
* Disqus integration
* Syntax highlighting
* Optional post image
* Social icons
* Page for sharing projects
* Optional background image
* Simple navigation menu
* MathJax support

## Preview

{% capture images %}
    https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/754514/14509720/61c61058-01d6-11e6-93ab-0918515ecd56.png
    https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/754514/14509716/61ac6c8e-01d6-11e6-879f-8308883de790.png
{% endcapture %}
{% include gallery images=images caption="Screenshots of Moon Theme" cols=2 %}

See a [live version of Moon](http://taylantatli.github.io/Moon) hosted on GitHub.

## Getting Started

To learn how to install and use this theme check out the [Setup Guide](http://taylantatli.me/Moon/moon-theme/) for more information.
      
[Install Moon](https://github.com/TaylanTatli/Moon){: .btn}

Commit message:

added feature pictures for about page

about/index.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: About Me
tags: [about]
date: 2016-10-07
feature: assets/img/about/headshot2.jpg
comments: false
---
<!--[JHO headshot](/assets/img/about/headshot2.jpg)  -->

## Who am I?
* Minimal, you can focus on your content
* Responsive
* Disqus integration
* Syntax highlighting
* Optional post image
* Social icons
* Page for sharing projects
* Optional background image
* Simple navigation menu
* MathJax support

## How can I serve?

{% capture images %}
    https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/754514/14509720/61c61058-01d6-11e6-93ab-0918515ecd56.png
    https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/754514/14509716/61ac6c8e-01d6-11e6-879f-8308883de790.png
{% endcapture %}
{% include gallery images=images caption="Screenshots of Moon Theme" cols=2 %}

See a [live version of Moon](http://taylantatli.github.io/Moon) hosted on GitHub.

## Things I know to be true
a personal manifesto of sort, or just things I believe in if there's such things

To learn how to install and use this theme check out the [Setup Guide](http://taylantatli.me/Moon/moon-theme/) for more information.
      
[Install Moon](https://github.com/TaylanTatli/Moon){: .btn}
